README.md, before:

# 🍛 Indian Food Explorer

A delightful interactive dashboard that lets you explore the rich and diverse world of Indian cuisine! Built with Panel and Python, this tool helps you discover interesting patterns and relationships in Indian food data.

## ✨ Features

![image](image.png)

- **Ingredient Explorer** - Create Venn diagrams to discover common ingredients between up to three dishes
- **Scatter Analysis** - Visualize relationships between cooking time, preparation time, and other attributes
- **Category Heatmap** - Explore connections between different food categories
- **Sankey Diagrams** - See the flow relationships between various food attributes

## 🛠️ Setup

1. Clone this repository

2. Choose your preferred installation method:

   **Using Conda (Recommended):**
   ```bash
   conda env create -f requirements.yml
   conda activate ds3500

   ```
   **Using Pip:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run the dashboard:
```bash
python food_explorer.py
```

## 🛠️ Technical Stack

- **Panel** - For creating the interactive dashboard
- **Plotly** - For interactive visualizations
- **Matplotlib** - For Venn diagrams
- **Pandas** - For data manipulation

Commit message:

i said that pav bhaji was my fav food

README.md, after:

# 🍛 Indian Food Explorer

A delightful interactive dashboard that lets you explore the rich and diverse world of Indian cuisine! Built with Panel and Python, this tool helps you discover interesting patterns and relationships in Indian food data.

Pav Bhaji is the best indian food and shravani loves it 

## ✨ Features

![image](image.png)

- **Ingredient Explorer** - Create Venn diagrams to discover common ingredients between up to three dishes
- **Scatter Analysis** - Visualize relationships between cooking time, preparation time, and other attributes
- **Category Heatmap** - Explore connections between different food categories
- **Sankey Diagrams** - See the flow relationships between various food attributes

## 🛠️ Setup

1. Clone this repository

2. Choose your preferred installation method:

   **Using Conda (Recommended):**
   ```bash
   conda env create -f requirements.yml
   conda activate ds3500

   ```
   **Using Pip:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. Run the dashboard:
```bash
python food_explorer.py
```

## 🛠️ Technical Stack

- **Panel** - For creating the interactive dashboard
- **Plotly** - For interactive visualizations
- **Matplotlib** - For Venn diagrams
- **Pandas** - For data manipulation
